NO-ISSUE: Add NodeDisruptionPolicy docs (#4336)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/NodeDisruptionPolicy.md

# NodeDisruptionPolicy

> Node Disruption policy allows the user to define to what actions to take for minor MachineConfig updates. The MCO is introducing this feature in TechPreview for 4.16.

Reviewer: For additional context, it will be good idea to link enhancement https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/pull/1525

Author: Done (:

      - actions:
        - reload:
            serviceName: crio.service
          type: Reload
        path: /etc/machine-config-daemon/no-reboot/containers-gpg.pub
      - actions:
        - reload:
            serviceName: crio.service
          type: Reload
        path: /etc/containers/policy.json
      - actions:
        - type: Special
        path: /etc/containers/registries.conf
      sshkey:
        actions:
        - type: None
  readyReplicas: 0
```
Say, for instance the user applied the following MachineConfiguration:
```
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfiguration
metadata:
  name: cluster
  namespace: openshift-machine-config-operator
spec:
  nodeDisruptionPolicy:
    files:
      - path: /etc/my-file
        actions:
          - type: None
```
Now, the Status will be updated to reflect the merged policy:
```
$ oc get MachineConfiguration/cluster -o yaml
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfiguration
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: "2024-04-16T15:02:37Z"
  generation: 4
  name: cluster
  resourceVersion: "261205"
  uid: 2c67b155-1898-452f-adbd-ed376afc0ea2
spec:
  logLevel: Normal
  managementState: Managed

>   operatorLogLevel: Normal

Reviewer: During local testing I vaguely recall that user applied nodeDisruption policy gets also displayed in spec field. If that is still the case, maybe we want to include it in the doc for correctness. If not, ignore this comment :)

Author: Good catch, totally missed that!

          type: Reload
        path: /etc/machine-config-daemon/no-reboot/containers-gpg.pub
      - actions:
        - reload:
            serviceName: crio.service
          type: Reload
        path: /etc/containers/policy.json
      - actions:
        - type: Special
        path: /etc/containers/registries.conf
      sshkey:
        actions:
        - type: None
  readyReplicas: 0

```

For this initial implementation the policy supports MachineConfig changes to the following:
- Files
- Units
- sshKeys

The following actions are supported:
- `None`: No action will be done for this MachineConfig change.
- `Drain`: This will drain the node of its current workload.
- `Reload`. Reloads a user specified service. This requires specifying the service to be reloaded in the `reload.serviceName` field.
- `Restart`. Restarts a user specified service. This requires specifying the service to be restarted in the `restart.serviceName` field
- `DaemonReload`: This executes a daemon-reload, which reloads the systemd manager configuration.
- `Reboot`: This will reboot the node.
- `Special`: This is an internal MCO only action, and cannot be set by the user.

> Some key points to note:

Reviewer: We may want to put it under a separate heading so that these points are better highlighted.

Author: Done!

- The default action for an unspecified change is reboot.
- If there is a conflict between a user defined policy and the cluster default, the user defined policy will override the cluster default.
- If any of the changes result in a reboot action, all other policies will be ignored.
- There is no dedup of the final actions list. It is possible an action may be repeated if multiple policies are in effect for MachineConfig change.

> - It is important to remember that the cluster node disruption policy (as defined by the status of MachineConfiguration/cluster) applies to the difference between two rendered configs. If a file/service is added, updated or removed by a new MachineConfig change, then the node disruption policy for that respective file/service will be in effect. If no policy is defined for this change, it will result in a Reboot action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is important to remember that the cluster node disruption policy (as defined by the status of MachineConfiguration/cluster) applies to the difference between currentConfig and desiredConfig. If a file/service is added, updated or removed by a new MachineConfig change, then the node disruption policy for that respective file/service will be in effect. If no policy is defined for this change, it will result in a Reboot action.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!
